readme-metrics (#17)
RedisLabs-Field-Engineering/redis-connect-dist: README.md

**Start Job -** `/connect/api/vi/job/transition/start/{jobName}/{jobType}`
<br>_For quick start, use '**stream**' as **jobType**_
<br><br><img src="/images/quick-start/Redis Connect Start Job.png" style="float: right;" width = 700px height = 375px/><br>

**Confirm Job Claim -** `/connect/api/vi/jobs/claim/{jobStatus}`
<br>_For quick start, use '**all**' as **jobStatus**_
<br><br><img src="/images/quick-start/Redis Connect Get Claims.png" style="float: right;" width = 700px height = 250px/><br>

<br>
Once you've configured a job, try inserting some records into the source database. Then confirm that they have arrived in Redis.

### Monitoring the System

Redis Connect exports OpenTelemetry metrics via a Prometheus endpoint. A simple Prometheus configuration would look like this:

```cmd  
- job_name: "connect"
  scrape_interval: 5s
  scrape_timeout: 5s
  metrics_path: /
  scheme: http
  static_configs:
  - targets: ["localhost:19090"]
```

> Redis Connect provides a dashboard for monitoring the system. After installing Grafana and connecting it to Prometheus, ie. adding a datasource, you can install the Redis Connect dashboard by navigating to the Grafana dashboard page and clicking New -> Import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis Connect provides a dashboard for monitoring the system. After installing Grafana and connecting it to Prometheus (i.e., adding a datasource), you can install the Redis Connect dashboard by navigating to the Grafana dashboard page and clicking New -> Import.
```

> Redis Connect provides a dashboard for monitoring the system. After installing Grafana and connecting it to Prometheus (i.e., adding a datasource), you can install the Redis Connect dashboard by navigating to the Grafana dashboard page and clicking New -> Import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis Connect provides a dashboard for monitoring the system. After installing Grafana and connecting it to Prometheus (i.e., adding a data source), you can install the Redis Connect dashboard by navigating to the Grafana dashboard page and clicking New -> Import.
```

The Redis Connect dashboard reports the following metrics:

| metric                                     | label         | type      | description                           |
|--------------------------------------------|---------------|-----------|---------------------------------------|
| event_job_starts_total                     | job starts    | count     | number of times job has been started  |
| event_job_stops_total                      | job stops     | count     | number of times job has been stopped  |
| event_input_buffer_histogram               | buffer        | histogram | number of events received             |
| event_input_buffer_count                   | buffer count  | count     | number of measurements                |
| event_input_buffer_sum                     | buffer total  | count     | sum of all measured quantities        |

> | event_operation_lag                        | elapsed       | histogram | time it took connect to receive event |

Reviewer: s/connect/Redis Connect

| event_operation_lag_milliseconds_count     | elapsed count | count     | number of times lag was recorded      |
| event_operation_lag_milliseconds_sum       | elapsed sum   | count     | sum total of all lag recordings       |
| event_operation_latency                    | elapsed       | histogram | time it took to process the event     |
| event_operation_latency_milliseconds_count | elapsed count | count     | number of times latency was recorded  |
| event_operation_latency_milliseconds_sum   | elapsed sum   | count     | sum of all latency recordings         |

> | event_operation_elapsed                    | elapsed       | histogram | time it took to write event to redis  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| event_operation_elapsed                    | elapsed       | histogram | time it took to write event to Redis  |
```

> | event_operation_elapsed_milliseconds_count | elapsed count | count     | number of time duration was recorded  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| event_operation_elapsed_milliseconds_count | elapsed count | count     | number of times duration was recorded  |
```
